Docs changes for platform (#329)
hirosystems/docs: docs/platform/faq.md

---
title: FAQ's
---

### **Clarinet Integrate/Devnet is not working in terminal**

> This feature is in the roadmap. It is coming up soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is not supported. It is in the roadmap.
```

### **I cannot import my project**

Max project size allowed for imports is 50MB, so check the size before importing.

### **I cannot download files from terminal**

Internet access is unavailable inside VS Code and Terminal.

### **Where do I log issues/bugs?**

Use the [feedback widget inside Hiro Platform](https://hiro-pbc.canny.io/hiro-platform) or go directly to [https://hiro-pbc.canny.io/hiro-platform](https://hiro-pbc.canny.io/hiro-platform) to report issues.

### **Are my projects and contracts isolated?**

> Your projects are deployed as pods in Kubernetes. Each pod operates with strict security context and resource limits. You are the only one to have access to the secured usage data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your projects are deployed as pods in Kubernetes. Each pod operates with strict security context and resource limits. You are the only one to have access to the data.
```

> #### **I see an error: Unable to retrieve contract https://stacks-node-api.testnet.stacks.co/v2/contracts/source/STSCWDV3RKV5ZRN1FQD84YE1NQFEDJ9R1D64KKHQ/newyorkcitycoin-token-v2?proof=0 How do I resolve it?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### **I see an error: 'Unable to retrieve contract ...' in the browser console. How do I resolve it?**
```

> #### **I am seeing error: [Unable to retrieve contract in the VS code terminal](https://stacks-node-api.testnet.stacks.co/v2/contracts/source/STSCWDV3RKV5ZRN1FQD84YE1NQFEDJ9R1D64KKHQ/newyorkcitycoin-token-v2?proof=0). How do I resolve it?**

Reviewer: The question needs to be rephrased. It needs to highlight the error, and the answer will be that it is not supported yet.

Currently, "clarinet integrate", "requirements" and "deployment plans" aren't supported in Clarinet installed in Hiro Platform. These are on the roadmap.

> ### **Can I use deployment plans?**

Reviewer: Can we move this next to devnet question please?

> Currently, clarinet commands are not supported in the Hiro Platform VS code terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, "clarinet integrate", "requirements" and "deployment plans" aren't supported in Clarinet installed in Hiro Platform. These are on the roadmap.
```

> We are in the process of building the support for deployment plans in the Hiro Platform. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is not supported. It is in the roadmap.
```
